Step 1: In the first step, we have done multilevel-multivariate GLM under different regularization techniques (Lasso, Ridge, Elastic net) such that the output variable is matrix of Y (The target specie that we want to construct sparse GRN for it) and the input variable is matrix of X (the best specie that can be used as explanatory variable). We also have fixed the challenge of singularity using Bootstrap technique to obtain the residual matrix which is the result of regularized GLM of gene expression of one specie over the gene expression of another specie. To find best specie as a best ancillary information, we have used cross-validation technique to calculate MSE as well. For each regularization technique, we also done hyperparameter tuning to find the optimal hyperparameter.  
Step 2: When we obtained the residual matrix from Step 1, we created the penalized likelihood for this matrix based on the Glasso technique. And by penalizing this likelihood under different penalties, we obtained the precision matrix. By considering appropriate threshold on this matrix, we constructed sparce GRN for each specie. 
While this is indeed a well-studied area, we believe our approach introduces novel aspects that warrant further emphasis. We have also addressed the intrinsic issue in genetic data where the number of observations is less than the number of features by using Bootstrap techniques. Specifically, our integration of a penalized maximum likelihood with a multi-level multivariate GLM framework for gene regulatory network construction offers a unique contribution. We have enhanced our literature review to more thoroughly discuss existing GLasso-based methods and explicitly delineate how our approach differs from and advances beyond current methodologies. This will include a comprehensive comparison highlighting the distinct features and benefits of our proposed method.
